Update EIP-7928: clarify CREATE inclusion and storage no-op handling (#11717)
ethereum/EIPs: EIPS/eip-7928.md

  
    - Targets of `BALANCE`, `EXTCODESIZE`, `EXTCODECOPY`, `EXTCODEHASH` opcodes
    - Targets of `CALL`, `CALLCODE`, `DELEGATECALL`, `STATICCALL` (even if they revert; see [Gas Validation Before State Access](#gas-validation-before-state-access) for inclusion conditions)

>     - Target addresses of `CREATE`/`CREATE2` only once the creation target is accessed: after post-pre-state-validation for the computed address (including post-target out-of-gas), on creation collision, or when creation setup increments the new account's nonce; not on address computation alone nor when creation fails earlier (e.g. insufficient sender balance for the endowment)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Target addresses of `CREATE`/`CREATE2` only once the EVM accesses the computed address: on post-access out-of-gas, on creation collision, or when creation setup increments the new account's nonce; not on address computation alone, nor when creation fails before access (e.g. insufficient sender balance for the endowment, nonce overflow, or call stack depth limit)
```

  - Slots accessed via `SLOAD` that are not written.
  - Slots written with unchanged values (i.e., `SSTORE` where post-value equals pre-value, also known as "no-op writes").

> Note: Implementations MUST check the pre-transaction value at the current `block_access_index` to correctly distinguish between actual writes and no-op writes. A no-op write MUST NOT remove `storage_changes` entries from earlier indices for the same slot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: Implementations MUST compare each write against the storage value as of immediately before the current `block_access_index` (i.e., the cumulative state from all prior indices, falling back to the pre-block state) to correctly distinguish between actual writes and no-op writes. A no-op write MUST NOT remove `storage_changes` entries from earlier indices for the same slot.
```
